Add `ANZT6W` tournament page (#12616)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/ANZT/2019_Winter/en.md

  2. [YURRY CANON - Nadeshiko color Heart (kwk) [Mathew's Hard]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/682996#osu/1470114)
- FreeMod
  1. [Tune Up! - Bounce (Nightcore Mix) (osuplayer111) [jericho2442's Rave!!]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/24315#osu/82785)
  2. [Wake Up, Girls! - Suki no Skill (Loneight) [Insane: Suki]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/740351#osu/1565647)
- Tiebreaker
  1. **[SHIHO - Fallin Snow (Yugu) [Falling]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/882476#osu/1844877)**

### Qualifiers

**[Download the map pack here! (23 MB)](https://drive.usercontent.google.com/download?id=1kSx1XgSPRQKLWlG9X2dsT0TGq4xEhnSj&export=download)**

- NoMod
  1. [Warak - REANIMATE (Amamiya Yuko) [LV. 10.1]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/209103#osu/495541)
- Hidden
  1. [LeaF - Calamity Fortune (Flower) [Extra]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/96103#osu/257793)
- HardRock
  1. [S3RL - Bass Slut (Original Mix) (Secretpipe) [Kyshiro's Extra]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/375648#osu/836907)
- DoubleTime
  1. [Kagamine Rin & Len - Streamline Prism (banvi) [Jumping]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/28894#osu/96142)

## Ruleset

### General rules

> - This is an osu!standard tourney for Australian/New Zealand players only. Participants must have an Australian or New Zealand flag on their osu profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This is an osu! game mode tournament for Australian/New Zealand players only. Participants must have an Australian or New Zealand flag on their osu! profile.
```

> - Matches will be **Head to Head** with **Score V2**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Matches will be **Head-to-head** with **ScoreV2**.
```

- In order for your registration to count, you must **fill out the form, join the Discord, and change your name to your osu! username**.
- Staff members are not allowed to sign up. The only exceptions are streamers & commentators.
- Reschedules must be agreed on by **both players** and **proof must be provided**.
- All reschedules must be done prior to 24 hours before the scheduled match time.
- All matches will be scheduled for Friday, Saturday & Sunday.
- RO64 will be single elimination. All further rounds will be double elimination.

### Match rules

- Referees will create the lobby and invite players 10 minutes before the designated match time.
- Players have up to ten minutes after their designated start time to move into the lobby. Failure to show will result in a forfeit. If both players are absent, the match will either be rescheduled or end in double forfeit to the discretion of the administration.
- If a player disconnects within the first 30 seconds of a map, it will be aborted and replayed. Any disconnects afterwards will be a forfeit of that map.
- Disconnects may only occur once per match per player. It will count as a forfeit after the first time.

> - Highest !roll has first warmup, ban and pick.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Highest `!roll` has first warmup, ban and pick.
```

- Each player is allowed one ban.
- Each player is allowed one warmup. Warmups must not be longer than 5 minutes, must not be in any ANZT6W mappool and must be submitted.

> - One player may not pick from the same mod pool twice in a row (HD/HR/DT/FreeMod). This does not apply to NoMod.
> - In a FreeMod pick, each player **must select a mod(s)** (HD/HR/HDHR). **NoMod is not allowed**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- One player may not pick from the same mod pool twice in a row (HD/HR/DT/Free Mod). This does not apply to No Mod.
- In a Free Mod pick, each player **must select a mod(s)** (HD/HR/HDHR). **No Mod is not allowed**.
```

- Failed scores will only count if the player revives before the end of the map. If a player fails and their opponent does not, the point goes to the opponent. If both players fail, the point goes to the higher failed score.

> - If the match ends in a tie, players will play the tiebreaker. The tiebreaker will be played under FreeMod conditions, allowing NoMod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the match ends in a tie, players will play the tiebreaker. The tiebreaker will be played under Free Mod conditions, allowing No Mod.
```

### Winning conditions

| Rounds | Condition |
| --: | :-- |
| Round of 64 | Win four maps (Best-of-7) |
| Round of 32 | Win five maps (Best-of-9) |

> | Round of 16, Losers Bracket Round 1 | Win five maps (Best-of-9) |
> | Quarterfinals, Losers Bracket Rounds 2 & 3 | Win six maps (Best-of-11) |
> | Semifinals, Losers Bracket Rounds 4 & 5 | Win six maps (Best-of-11) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Round of 16 | Win five maps (Best-of-9) |
| Quarterfinals | Win six maps (Best-of-11) |
| Semifinals | Win six maps (Best-of-11) |
```
